They're all people.
Yao Fei
This is my gift to you.
Open it up.
There's no general's head.
Thank you for bringing forth evil spirits.
You promised the lady you're welcome.
Our leader has spoken.
Compared to getting a bride
Or is it a Turkish party exemption?
Paying taxes every year is more important.
Yao Fei, can you hear me?
Instructions for use
Hello, there is a medium.
Duke Su
Slaves are here.
The emperor is dead.
Your Majesty is frozen.
Did the emperor leave a photo?
Your Highness, the Emperor did not leave a photograph.
But the queen left her mouth wanting
What did the Queen say?
The Queen Mother said to let Lady Yao become the master of the Green Palace.
Wasn't the Empress Dowager killed by Yao Fei's mother?
The emperor is dead.
Currently, no one can prevent you from becoming the owner of the house.
You are now one level higher than you.
If you want the bow to keep you alive.
Take your son to me.
Yao, have you forgotten anything?